oh hang on
so we here in Nashville carnality where
we go standpoint
we're technically in the church
mr. subjects of the always go to ports
on we have an idea we write it down
right recently recently we're dealing
with yesterday was a kind of crazy lamb
idea sort of right around like I kind of
like it's update on jeopardy or
something i did and in their shells you
must you men track like a turtle you're
frustrated muscleman so basically you're
like mad or upset whatever like talk
about it with so
this has been I issue for us
she's always been very understanding and
caring someone out me able to talk about
it and I would do it i would just get
all clothing and shoe because it because
i want to talk to her say whether i was
doing stuff like i might disappear it's
not just her me out here
pants like so i could get over whatever
and so we recently had a breakthrough
with data
I talking to a phone right okay it's but
she bought a first expected a so a lot
of time again don't be a spider Holley a
baby boy love it right face it guys talk
about it go to gym without my idea
little breasts bounce on the bed before
our design too much bang weights or
whatever talk to talk it out let us know
whether the comments
Scott straight subscribe but you gotta
talk about what you did like what you
did to break through that have it all
over it's what i did a breakaway I
haven't really kind of you know what I
would avoid voyage them not think about
it will go away whatever like sort of
course I to go back for suicide whatever
not think about it I am I gonna get it
was about talk about it being not just
shelters ever found a zombie in my build
up I just anyway looks at rays are
conscientious effort to say so they were
last time will be made or some quality
car if anybody is there anyway so it is
well here so don't shut around that's
right the game
take advantage of me Oh not everybody so
those nice you're okay and I feel better
than physically taught her a lot of
those guys you don't want to talk like a
loser sorry about your feelings or we
have a sub conscious rational thing to
override and as you get older really
blow up like just like some goop like my
buddies and they really think a man just
crap on my rider for my girl all my
money to go to Euro Roach it's okay to
feel I guess dude it's okay to kid mr.
Bryce animation in the cars together
baby free of sports is the better still
British sense into ya ok wrong it
doesn't suspect whatever
guys like you do an ollie
it's all right man selling stuff and you
should i press you to say that most
women will appreciate you do
or do you like that not like
think you solved a little wobbly think
Bobby's really don't really let up real
that's good so rate comment subscribe
talk about this